To start implementation.
We create some helper packages just to help us organize our code so we create a kind of route package
for our new implementation and then create two packages, one for keeping services, and the second
one for keeping a controller for endpoint definition.
So we as a first step, we create a service class.
So let's name it axle generator service.
This is actually the core implementation we are going to enhanced in this and other lectures.
So we add at service annotation.
So this class will be managed by a spring boot for us and can be injected in other classes like controllers.
Now we create.
The main method actually is the one that will create and return Excel file using it.
Using the naming of the library we use.
It's something called the workbook.
Workbook is actually structure describing the entire Excel file.
So as an implementation, we create a workbook object and then we add a few implementation details just
to create a very simple output, just to see that things are working correctly and producing correct
Excel file
for the end point.
So we have that workbook variable we can.
We can act as sheets.
Sheets are just steps we know from the Excel UI.
So we create we use this workbook object we call the create sheet.
We can name it somehow.
So we.
We can define the name that appear on the sheets.
Tap.
And then using the sheet, we can create a particular row and a cell.
So something is will be visible on the screen when when the entire Excel file is created.
So let's create a row.
We create the first row with the index zero.
Let's create a variable for for that row just to understand the sheet.
Just create this.
It's really an empty sheet.
And if some row need to be used to, we just have to create one.
So we create a row object and then we can use the row to create actual cell.
We use the index that represents a column.
So it's a first column in the first row.
And then we we can specify a cell value.
We can see a few cell value method signatures.
We can use a string number or data variables or content here.
And then as we have this simple workbook, we can just returned from this method.
So just to review, we created a service class with a method creating workbook.
Workbook represents our Excel file.
We create rows, sheets or rows or row and sell, and we set the sell value to be returned as a part
of this Excel file.